Added gradio example to docs (#867)
huggingface/text-generation-inference: docs/source/basic_tutorials/consuming_tgi.md

![ChatUI](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/chatui_screen.png)

## Gradio

> Gradio has a `ChatInterface` class to create neat UIs for chatbots. Let's take a look at how to create a chatbot with streaming mode using TGI and Gradio. Assume you are serving your model on port 8080.

Reviewer: Same as you explained what ChatUI is, I would have an intro sentence explaining what Gradio is and linking to its docs.

> Gradio has a `ChatInterface` class to create neat UIs for chatbots. Let's take a look at how to create a chatbot with streaming mode using TGI and Gradio. Assume you are serving your model on port 8080.

Reviewer: Given you use `huggingface_hub`, I would add a link to the `consuming_tgi` section on `huggingface_hub` client

```python
import gradio as gr

> from huggingface_hub import InferenceClient

Reviewer: Should we add a pip install for these two before?

> # initialize InferenceClient

Reviewer: No need for this docstring I think, your code is self-explanatory

client = InferenceClient(model="http://127.0.0.1:8080")

# query client using streaming mode
def inference(message, history):
    partial_message = ""
    for token in client.text_generation(message, max_new_tokens=20, stream=True):
        partial_message += token
        yield partial_message

gr.ChatInterface(
    inference,
    chatbot=gr.Chatbot(height=300),
    textbox=gr.Textbox(placeholder="Chat with me!", container=False, scale=7),
    description="This is the demo for Gradio UI consuming TGI endpoint with Falcon model.",
    title="Gradio 🤝 TGI",
    examples=["Are tomatoes vegetables?"],
    retry_btn=None,
    undo_btn="Undo",
    clear_btn="Clear",
).queue().launch()
```

The UI looks like this 👇 

> ![Gradio TGI](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/gradio-tgi.png)

Reviewer: Let's put images in https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/tree/main/tgi please :pray: will be easier to maintain

> ![Gradio TGI](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/gradio-tgi.png)

Reviewer: If possible, please have an image in dark and another image in light mode. Then you can show the image according to the user theme. (check the streaming guide to see how)

> ![Gradio TGI](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/gradio-tgi.png)

Reviewer: Maybe you could embed the gradio demo directly here, as done in the streaming guide

Author: I'd have to keep the inference endpoints up all the time, do you think it's worth it?

 
```python
import gradio as gr
from huggingface_hub import InferenceClient

client = InferenceClient(model="http://127.0.0.1:8080")

def inference(message, history):
    partial_message = ""
    for token in client.text_generation(message, max_new_tokens=20, stream=True):
        partial_message += token
        yield partial_message

gr.ChatInterface(
    inference,
    chatbot=gr.Chatbot(height=300),
    textbox=gr.Textbox(placeholder="Chat with me!", container=False, scale=7),
    description="This is the demo for Gradio UI consuming TGI endpoint with LLaMA 2 7B-Chat model.",
    title="Gradio 🤝 TGI",
    examples=["Are tomatoes vegetables?"],
    retry_btn=None,
    undo_btn="Undo",
    clear_btn="Clear",
).queue().launch()
```

The UI looks like this 👇 

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img 
        class="block dark:hidden" 
        src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/tgi/gradio-tgi.png"
    />
    <img 
        class="hidden dark:block" 
        src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/tgi/gradio-tgi-dark.png"
    />
</div>

You can try the demo directly here 👇 

> <gradio-app space="merve/gradio-tgi-2"></gradio-app>

Reviewer: Please have it in dark/light mode as https://github.com/huggingface/text-generation-inference/blob/main/docs/source/conceptual/streaming.md?plain=1#L27-L41

> You can disable streaming mode using `return` instead of `yield` in your inference function.

Reviewer: I think this part is a bit confusing. It needs to change from

```py
for token in client.text_generation(message, max_new_tokens=20, stream=True):
        partial_message += token
        yield partial_message
```

to
```
return client.text_generation(message, max_new_tokens=20):
```

![ChatUI](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/chatui_screen.png)

## Gradio

> Gradio is a Python library that helps you build a web application for your machine learning model with few lines of code. It has a `ChatInterface` class to create neat UIs for chatbots. Let's take a look at how to create a chatbot with streaming mode using TGI and Gradio. Let's install Gradio and Hub Python library first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradio is a Python library that helps you build web applications for your machine learning models with a few lines of code. It has a `ChatInterface` wrapper that helps create neat UIs for chatbots. Let's take a look at how to create a chatbot with streaming mode using TGI and Gradio. Let's install Gradio and Hub Python library first.
```

```bash
pip install huggingface-hub gradio
```

> Assume you are serving your model on port 8080, we will query through [InferenceClient](consuming_tgi#inference-Client). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume you are serving your model on port 8080, we will query through [InferenceClient](consuming_tgi#inference-client). 
```

 
```python
import gradio as gr
from huggingface_hub import InferenceClient

client = InferenceClient(model="http://127.0.0.1:8080")

def inference(message, history):
    partial_message = ""
    for token in client.text_generation(message, max_new_tokens=20, stream=True):
        partial_message += token
        yield partial_message

> gr.ChatInterface(

Reviewer: This code does not match the screenshot and the space. The main one I see, which I would change in the Space/screenshots, is `retry_btn="Retry"`.

    inference,
    chatbot=gr.Chatbot(height=300),
    textbox=gr.Textbox(placeholder="Chat with me!", container=False, scale=7),
    description="This is the demo for Gradio UI consuming TGI endpoint with LLaMA 7B-Chat model.",
    title="Gradio 🤝 TGI",
    examples=["Are tomatoes vegetables?"],
    retry_btn="Retry",
    undo_btn="Undo",
    clear_btn="Clear",
).queue().launch()
```

The UI looks like this 👇 

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img 
        class="block dark:hidden" 
        src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/tgi/gradio-tgi.png"
    />
    <img 
        class="hidden dark:block" 
        src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/tgi/gradio-tgi-dark.png"
    />
</div>

You can try the demo directly here 👇 

> <div class="block dark:hidden">

Reviewer: I would increase the heigth in the demos, see how it looks in https://moon-ci-docs.huggingface.co/docs/text-generation-inference/pr_867/en/basic_tutorials/consuming_tgi#gradio 

It should not require any iframe scrolling
